Program Description
The CoreFucosylation Mode.py file mainly contains the program for constructing the core fucose identification model based on mapping convergence algorithm and the program for constructing the core fucose identification model based on autoencoder. The specific functions are introduced as follows:
1.The function MappegConvergence (labeled-x, unlabeled_x, filepath_madel) is a program for constructing a core fucose identification model based on mapping convergence algorithm. Among them, labeled-x is the labeled dataset, unlabeled_x is the unlabeled dataset, and filepath_madel is the file path where the model is saved.
2. Functions AutoEncoder(train_x, n_encoder1, n_encoder2, n_decoder2, n_decoder1, n_latent=2) Develop a program for constructing a core fucose identification model based on autoencoders. Among them, train_x is the training set, n_encoder1,、n_encoder2,、n_decoder2,、n_decoder1, The number of nodes in each layer of the autoencoder is set to n2, and the function returns the trained autoencoder model and threshold.
3. The function AutoEncoderTest (reg, threshold, test-x) uses the trained autoencoder model for data authentication, where reg is the autoencoder model, threshold is the threshold, test-x is the data to be tested, and the function returns the authentication result.
4. The function filter (x, filter type) is a program for filtering datasets, where x is the dataset and filter type is the filtering type.
5. The main function of the program is to train the model using actual data and validate the trained model to obtain relevant experimental results.
